I
the waiting game starts for beezie
madden as kyle king is about to go to
work aboard capone and know the kind of
confidence and the kind of capability
that kyle has and that this stallion has
shown over the 18 months they've had
together so will we have a jump off or
is beezie madden the champion of the
inaugural nexon caucus
the pressure is definitely on Kyle knows
what he has to do but what he really has
to focus on is each jump as individual
jumps just moments ago we saw Beezie
Madden and judgment focus on every fence
and deliver a clear round now Kyle king
will look to do the same with his black
stallion Capone earlier today Kyle felt
it might come down to a showdown between
he and BZ maybe even a jump off but
that'll mean he has supposed to clear
around here Linda walk nice effort to
the water you know the interesting thing
is every jump counts because we've seen
every jump come down on course 175,000
dollars on the line today and right now
the medal podium has beezie madden rich
fellers and Ian Miller standing on the
steps
it's all going according to plan so far
we're clear so far I don't want to say
anything because I don't want to jinx um
Claire to the top of the bank
beautiful rod look at that straight down
easy over the vertical straight to the
wall let's check the time when he jumps
the table clearly within the time
allowed so that's not a factor he's
clear to the devil's die